Implement JVB autoscaling (#20)
openfun/jitsi-k8s: docs/prosody/TEST.md

You are also limited in the total amout of participants your add with one public IP address for the clients: every participant will take one network socket and computers have generally around 16000 allocatable client ports.

## Launch

To deploy your tests with `pm2`, just execute the following command:
```bash
pm2 start pm2-config.yml
```

To monitor the deployment of tests on the client, execute the following command:
```bash
pm2 logs
```
To enable debug mode and have more information, you may uncomment the 68th line of `src/index.js` and re-build the project.

On the prosody server, look at the logs to verify that your tests are working. On a Kubernetes infrastructure, it may be done with:
```bash
kubectl logs -f -n <namespace> <prosody pod>
```

## Results

### Preparation test

In order to have some idea of what kind of logs you may encounter, a 1-participant test was done:
* [logs from the prosody server](./log_server.txt).
* [logs from the client](./log_client.txt).

> You can noticed that the Jicofo component have not been added to the room; we hope that our tests will still be relevant to stress test Prosody.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can notice that the Jicofo component have not been added to the room; we hope that our tests will still be relevant to stress test Prosody.
```

### Main test

Batches of 100 participants (2 conferences of 50 participants) were applied; the stabilization of metrics (especially RAM on the JVB pod) is reached before each new batch is applied.

When the fifth batch is launched (between 400 and 500 participants), an `Unexpected server response: 500` occured and after a few restarts of the PM2 process, the batch is applied. [Logs from the Prosody server](./log_error_limit.txt) has been saved during this problem.

> The RAM usage seems to be linear in the number of participants.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The RAM usage seems to be linear with respect to the number of participants.
```
